ESP32-C3 integration (#178)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Tracker-ESP: README.md

  * LED will turn off when calibration is complete
  * You don't have to calibrate next time you power it off, calibration values will be saved for the next use

## Infos about ESP32-C3 with direct connection to USB

> The ESP32-C3 has 2 ways to connect the serial port. One is directly via the onboard USB CDC or via the onboard UART.
> When the Chip is connected to the USB-CDC, the serial port shows is displayed as "USB Serial Port". The SlimeVR server is not currently connecting to this port.
> If you want to set your WiFi credentials, you can use the PlatformIO serial console.
> There you have to enter the following:
> `SET WIFI "SSID" "PASSWORD"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ESP32-C3 has two ways to connect the serial port. One is directly via the onboard USB CDC or via the onboard UART.
When the chip is connected to the USB CDC, the serial port shows as `USB Serial Port` in Device Manager. The SlimeVR server will currently not connect to this port.
If you want to set your WiFi credentials, you can use the PlatformIO serial console.
There you have to enter the following: `SET WIFI "SSID" "PASSWORD"`
```
